7 Deadly Interview Sins

1. Don't be late

2. Don't dress inappropriately

3. Manners (Don't be inpolite)

4. Don't neglect to do research on the company

5. Don't give closed answers (yes/no...)

6. Don't be uninteresting/uninspired - show interest/enthusiasm.

7. Do a 'Columbo' (ask questions)
---------------------------------

#How not to fail...

1. Keep calm and read the questions

2 Use neat handwriting for the written test

3. Remember to write your name/applicant number

4. Don't give closed answers!

5. Double check your work

#CVs - 6 deadly sins

1. Organise CV with time to read in mind - no more than 2 - 3 pages (1 page is too short, more than 3 would indicate too much detail). Aim for quite a bit of text, not too much white space.

2. Consider context as to whether to include something in a CV - is it recent and relevant?

Side note - make sure dates add up. Don't have any unexplained gaps in your career history.

3. Spelling (do it correctly...). Make sure not to have any silly errors. 

4. Be consistent with fonts/spacing etc.

5. Include any work experience - voluntary, paid, self-employed, et.

6. Use info on thoughts of the company/position in the cover letter.

#Do inclue qualifications, but not too many.  Perhaps start from highers.  Really depends on the level of education etc.  

#Don't include age/date of birth.  Do include address.

#Include points based on relevance - eg in a customer facing role, explain how the things you have done would be helpful in a customer facing environment.

#Don't take up too much space talking about core skills, as they can seem redundent.  But do maybe brush on these core skills a bit just to include them...

CV - to update...

Need to include sky customer adviser experience.  Sky helped improved customer facing skills, through the simultaneous implementation of various debugging systems while keeping a customer engaged in polite conversation.  Lots of multitasking.

Hints and tips.

Include github links to projects. When discussing group projects, talk about your personal contributions.

Profile - what sort of job do you want?  What are you hoping to get out of codeclan.





